docs updated (#246)
allen-cell-animated/agave: docs/agave.rst

of your volume (or display the cross section middle slice), move the
rightmost Z handle about halfway to the left.

Clip Plane
~~~~~~~~~~

The clip plane is a plane that can be moved through the volume to cut it

> in half. The plane can be moved in X, Y, and Z, and rotated to any angle.

Reviewer: in half?
Maybe "cut away sections of the volume"?

Check the checkbox to enable or disable the clipping.

> Click "Hide" to make the clip plane grid indicator disappear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check "Hide" to make the clip plane grid indicator disappear.
```

> Select "Rotate" or "Translate" to enable viewport controls to let you move
> the clip plane interactively. Select the Rotate and Translate buttons
> a second time to disable the viewport controls. See \[Rotate\] below for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click "Rotate" or "Translate" to enable viewport controls to let you move
the clip plane interactively. Click the Rotate and Translate buttons
a second time to disable the viewport controls. See \[Rotate\] below for more details.
```

Color settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

ColorMap
^^^^^^^^

The colormap is a gradient that maps intensity values to colors. You can
select from a variety of built-in colormaps.  

> The color map will be applied between the max and min values of the transfer function.

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
The color map will be applied between the min and max values of the transfer function.
```

> If you are using a "Custom" transfer function then there may be no inherent min and max,
> and so then the color map will be applied to the whole data range.

Reviewer 2: nit/optional
```suggestion
If you are using a "Custom" transfer function then there may be no inherent min and max.
In this case, the color map will be applied to the whole data range.
```

To disable the color map,
select the first entry (labeled as "none"). If your data is discrete labels
such as a segmentation, you may use the final entry in the list, "Labels",
which will assign a unique color to each unique intensity value.
Note that the colormap colors will be multiplied with the \[Color\] setting.

> Set Color to white to see the colormap as it is. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set Color to white to see the colormap directly. 
```
?

Color
^^^^^

This should be thought of as the main color for this channel.

> Set this to pure white in order to use the color map without any extra

Reviewer: Nit, pure seems redundant
```suggestion
Set this to white in order to use the color map without any extra
```

Reviewer 2: 🤷 there are off-whites?
